docs: Update README will all new features (#65)
fzipi/go-ftw: README.md

To run tests you need:
1. a WAF (doh!)
2. a file where the waf stores the logs
3. a config file, or environment variables, with the information to get the logs and how to parse them (I might embed this for the most commonly used, like Apache/NGiNX), and additional options described next.

### YAML Config file

> With a configuration file you can alter the test results or just provide neeed paths for files and enabling features. The config file has four basic values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a configuration file you can alter the test results, set paths for your environment, or enable features. The config file has four basic values:
```

```yaml

> logfile: <the relative patch to the waf logfile>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logfile: <the relative path to the WAF logfile>
```

Can the path be absolute too?

logmarkerheadername: <a header name used for log parsing (see "How log parsing works" below)>
testoverride: <a list of things to override (see "Overriding tests" below)>
mode: "default" or "cloud" (only change it if you need "cloud")
```

By default, _ftw_ would search for a file in `$PWD` with the name `.ftw.yaml`. You can pass the `--config <config file name>` to point it to a different file.

### Logfile

> Running in default mode implies you have access to a logfile to contrast the WAF behavior with test results. Example configurations for `apache` and `nginx` can be found below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running in default mode implies you have access to a logfile for checking the WAF behavior against test results. Example configurations for `apache` and `nginx` can be found below:
```

logfile: '../coreruleset/tests/logs/modsec3-nginx/nginx/error.log'
```

### WAF Server

I normally perform my testing using the [Core Rule Set](https://github.com/coreruleset/coreruleset/).

> You can start the containers from that repo using docker-compose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start the containers from that repo using `docker compose`:
```

> docker-compose -f tests/docker-compose.yml up -d modsec2-apache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker compose -f tests/docker-compose.yml up -d modsec2-apache
```

  -t, --time             show time spent per test

Global Flags:

>       --cloud           cloud mode: rely only in http status code for determining test succes or failure (assumes no logs access)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --cloud           cloud mode: rely only on HTTP status codes for determining test success or failure (will not process any logs)
```

## Additional features

- templates with the power of Go [text/template](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/). Add your template to any `data:` sections and enjoy!
- [Sprig functions](https://masterminds.github.io/sprig/) can be added to templates as well.
- Override test results.

> - Cloud mode! The new mode will override test results and only base the test result on http status code answers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cloud mode! This new mode will override test results and rely solely on HTTP status codes for determining success and failure of tests.
```

Other interesting functions you can use are: `randBytes`, `htpasswd`, `encryptAES`, etc.

## Overriding tests

Sometimes you have tests that work well for some platform combinations, e.g. Apache + modsecurity2, but fail for others, e.g. NGiNX + modsecurity3. Taking that into account, you can override test results using the `testoverride` config param. The test will be run, but the _result_ would be overriden, and your comment will be printed out.

Tests can be altered using four lists:

> - `input` allows you to override global parameters in tests. An example usage is if you want to change the `dest_addr` of all tests to point to an external IP or host.

Reviewer: This is technically no longer a list. Probably not relevant though.

```suggestion
- `input` allows you to override global parameters in tests. An example usage is if you want to change the `dest_addr` of all tests to point to an external IP or host
```

> - `ignore` is for tests you want to ignore. It will still execute the test, but ignore the results. You should add a comment on why you ignore the test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ignore` is for tests you want to ignore. It will still execute the test, but ignore the result. You should add a comment on why you ignore the test
```

You can combine any of `ignore`, `forcefail` and `forcepass` to make it work for you.

## Cloud mode

Most of the tests rely on having access to a logfile to check for success or failure. Sometimes that is not possible, for example, when testing cloud services or servers where you don't have access to logfiles and/or logfiles won't have the information you need to decide if the test was good or bad.

> With cloud mode we move the decision on test failure or success to the HTTP status code received after performing the test. The general idea is that you setup your WAF in blocking mode, so anything matching will return a block status (e.g. 403), and if not we expect a 2XX return code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With cloud, mode we move the decision on test failure or success to the HTTP status code received after performing the test. The general idea is that you setup your WAF in blocking mode, so anything matching will return a block status (e.g. 403), and if not we expect a 2XX return code.
```

Author: This comma addition looks odd. Are you sure you want to add it there, or after "mode"?

Reviewer: Lol! Yes, _after_ mode, of course.
